# Note for Atheros AR9462 Wireless card

There are two kext can be used for the AR9462 Wireless card, I put it all in ther CLOVER/kexts/Others/Backup/AR9462 folder:

- AirPortAtheros40.kext
- ATH9KFixup.kext & ATH9KInjector.kext

However, they were not working on my laptop. I read all the post related to those kexts and found that it worked randomly on some system, some it worked with bugs, and some it not worked (like me).

So you can try it yourself. If you are lucky, you will get your wifi working without changing your wifi card.

---

## 1. Using the AirPortAtheros40.kext

I suggest you to try the AirPortAtheros40.kext first. **Backup your vanilla IO80211Family.kext in /System/Library/Extensions before trying anything**.

You must use a tool to install it (like Kext Utility or something else). Do not try to install it by hand in /System/Library/Extensions because that is the wrong place.  
Remember to rebuild kext cache and reboot for the change to take effect.

If the above kext won't work, you need to restore the vanilla IO80211Family.kext before trying the ATH9K kexts.

---

## 2. Using the ATH9KFixup.kext & ATH9KInjector.kext

To use the ATH9K kexts, install them (ATH9KFixup.kext & ATH9KInjector.kext) to **/System/Library/Extensions** (recommended) or **/Library/Extensions**.  
Remember to rebuild kext cache and reboot for the change to take effect.

If the ATH9K kexts won't work either, you have no chance to get your wifi working.

---

If the two kexts above did not help you, I think you need to buy another Wireless card and replace your old one. You can Google for an Apple nativelly supported wireless card, then grap it for your laptop.  
I currently use the BCM94322HM8L wireless card (no Bluetooth) and it work fine without any 3rd-party kext.
